hi guys this is Lego nerve kid 22 today
and showing you my entire lego star wars
clone on me and please don't leave a
comment saying OMG you have a huge clone
army why do you waste your time doing
that wait just just don't I've been
collecting food / little time I'm
compared to some people's quang armies
it's pretty small but so first I'll
start with online most of my clone
people i have this clone commander which
i added yellow arms to on a backpack and
i didn't figure out how to make the
backpack i found it on a video i don't
really remember what the video was just
a really long time ago i found it then
I've got commander Fox was awesome uh
apparently he's not simple status
command pauldron which is the thing
right there then that's around his neck
it shows it on the box so he's not
supposed to have his command pauldron so
if anyone knows why he's not supposed to
just leave a comment saying why next
here is mine by
clone I call my special ops clone I I
spray painted silver and gave him a
chain gun that's pretty cool next day
got my all-time favorite clone over them
all Rex the most awesome guy ever and i
spray-painted his DC 16 blasters so that
uh silver and I got my custom commander
cody and that d cap and that's actually
a decal on his chest it wasn't that hard
to do when I probably will make a video
showing how to do it how to make a decal
yeah I just stuck it on the front to a
normal clone commanders body Adam added
orange and her orange arms and legs and
then I drilled a hole through the side
of his helmet on both sides using a
sixteenth of an inch drill bit and I
just stuck it in yeah the sixteenth inch
drill bit really didn't fit in the drill
and I've got this clone commander which
I gave a custom orange belt too here's a
well I added a lot of customs just
different colored arms to a lot of poems
here's well his arms that are from a
rebel that got broken then I've got this
guy i added give my extra cape i painted
his helmet black looks pretty cool I
think then I also got this guy his arms
and mugs are dark blue so I can his
helmet dark blue you can kind of tell
it's blue although you can tell it's
blue on this camera but it kind of looks
black so yeah it's actually dark blue
then I've got a shock trooper a newer
clone clone chided purple arms and legs
to the purple was from a harry potter
lego set i used to like harry potter
legos knife is stupid here's a newer
clone just a normal clothes i actually
added your arms too I've got all my
breasts my shock troopers here all of
them have custom right arms and actually
I've got two more right there down there
that's I gave them both red legs too
since they're at the turret and then
there's just this normal clone
I think it's pretty cool looking with
his custom guns got the really old
scoutwalker complete with good pilot and
everything see how that's pretty cool
that's all my minifigure clones well
most of them here's my wookie ship from
the Wookiee attack set I got five
rookies I got my Chewbacca but since
he's lucky I figured he might as well
just beyond here they traded my friends
to get two of the wookies and two of
them are from the wiki attacks so that's
pretty cool I've got my clone speeder
which I just changed a little bit um I
lost the piece here it's supposed to be
dark red so I had to add a bright red
one supposed to be like this color but
yeah I've got a clone pilot flying it
then I've got a clone and the one then I
changed the biggest was there supposed
to be like little thing for turret here
but it wouldn't fit with this humongous
gun i made so i just extended it a
little bit i think that's pretty cool
then i made this custom like it's like a
oh yeah the legs fall off easily but
it's like a mini hgst got a clone pallet
in there now and i called my atcc the
all-terrain clone carrier that's pretty
cool at least I can get school go
then I've got the mini corn turbo tank
from the Bristol brickmaster set and I
said you subscribe to the brook master
it's 40 bucks and it's pretty cool most
LEGO sets are lousy except they had an
indiana jones won the jungle cruiser uh
that was coax it came with an Indiana
Jones guy and then this is the next
course one after that but they're coming
out with a republic Star Destroyer so
that's going to be really cool I meaning
one not a not a big one here's Anakin's
a ship flying ship thing Starfighter on
you here's the obi-wan Starfighter with
hyperdrive booster ring which is cool
then I've got my a tte the most
humongous set I've ever seen him that is
coming off but yeah it's it's a nice set
it's a good set yeah it's 90 te and
finally here is my 80 AD which is pretty
cool so yeah it's my entire clone army
and it's pretty big
and I will be making a video on my
entire droid on me so ya see ya